Provide testing utilities to library users (#710)
ericcornelissen/shescape: README.md

View the [API] documentation of Shescape.

### Testing

> View the [testing] documentation for how to test with Shescape.

Author: Clarify `"shescape/testing"` is for testing code that _uses_ Shescape.

```suggestion
View the [testing] documentation for how to test code that uses Shescape.
```
